This is a review of the manuscript Avalur et al, Verifying Newton's Second Law.

The manuscript advertises to test Newton's second law (F=ma) by using a
one dimensional cart and pulley system to show F= ma. It claims the results
confirm this relationship

Second abstract: It's unclear why but the ms has a second abstract. The second
abstract states that the test is performed as a constant F test by hanging a
100g weight; and that acceleration is to be measured by timing the time to go
80 cm. The second abstract advertises a "clear correlation between... and an
inverse relationship betwen..." (though ultimately these last two have no
supporting statistics). 

Introduction: The introduction is relatively clean. F is held constant while
m is varied, and the resulting acceleration is observed. Fig 1 shows the setup
but is very hard to read. Fig 2 shows a diagram of the setup but is also hard to read due to small size and the lack of labels, callouts, or a caption. 

Methods and materials: These are clear. Three replicates of each trial are
done. F is held constant while m is varied among 7 values. The authors should
have mentioned the source of specific key gear like the cart and the track,
these details would be difficult to replicate given the lack of information.
Rather than deal only with the average times, the authors should have treated
each as a different measurement of a and included those in their analysis
at the end.

Results: Data tables are provided here for all trials, and then reduced based
on average time, hoiwever, no indication of measurement precision is given.
The authors should tabulate at the very least mean +/- 1 sd for times; or even
better would be to carry through all a calculations for all 3 replicates
independently.

What is missing from the results is a graph. There is no graph given
that shows something like F=ma. 

Discussion: As a result of not having a graph of F=ma, or perhaps a versus
m, the authors talk around the points they wish to make and only weakly
make their point.

In addressing sources of experimental error it might be best to identify
ways to improve on e.g. timing error or release problems. What would
the team have done differently?

References: Several references are listed but they are never cited
within the body of the test (most like the introduction or discussion). 
